docs: Passkeys in the SDK references (#495)
safe-global/safe-docs: pages/sdk/protocol-kit/reference/safe.md

})
```

> #### Using passkeys
> 
> A Passkey can be used as a signer to create an instance of the Protocol Kit.

Reviewer: I would not use this title format, but use something like this instead:

```suggestion
- The `signer` property

  A passkey object can be passed as a signer to initialize an instance of the Protocol Kit.
```

await txResponse.transactionResponse?.wait()
```

> This method can be used with Passkeys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead of using an address, this method also supports the use of a passkey to set the address of the new owner:
```

const isOwner = await protocolKit.isOwner(address)
```

> A Passkey can be used to check if it is an owner of the current Safe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A passkey can also be used to check if the signer account is an owner of the current Safe.
```
